New PBR textures (#1437)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/reference/changelog-r2020.md

    - Added an `OfficeChair` PROTO object.
    - Added a `MetalStainlessSteelCable` appearance.
    - Added a `ConveyorPlatform` PROTO object.
    - Added a `Marble`appearance.
    - Added a `SolarCell` appearance.
    - Added a `Pavement` appearance which merge deprecated `SlatePavement`, `SquarePavement` and `StonePavement` appearance.
    - Added a second appearance in the `Rubber` appearance.
    - Added a second appearance in the `ThreadMetalPlate` appearance.

>     - Added three appearances in `Parquetry` appearance and deprecate `ChequeredParquetry` and `DarkParquetry` appearance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Added several new appearances: `Marble`, `MetalStainlessSteelCable`, `Pavement`, `Parquetry`, and `SolarCell.
    - Added a `ConveyorPlatform` PROTO object.
```

Then in a cleanup section add:
```
  - Deprecated the following appearances: `ChequeredParquetry`, `DarkParquetry`, `SlatePavement`, `SquarePavement` and `StonePavement`.
```

And in the `Enhancements`:
```
    - Added a `type` field to the following appearances: `Rubber` and `ThreadMetalPlate`.
```
